### W3C reply 2010-03-08 ###

    Date: Sun, 07 Mar 2010 19:00:24 -0500
    From: Doug Schepers <schepers@w3.org>
    To: Robin Smidsrød <robin@smidsrod.no>
    Subject: Re: Historical archives of SVG WG membership and activities

    Hi, Robin-

    This sounds like a very interesting (if esoteric) project.  I have some
    opinions about the reasons myself, but I will refrain from imposing them
    on you.

    Regarding past records... the SVG WG has only been a public working
    group for the past couple of years; before that, it was
    member-confidential, and so many of the proceedings and details are not
    publicly available.

    However, I'm sympathetic to your project, and I will see what I can
    legally and ethically do to aid you.  I've forwarded your email to my
    colleagues on the W3C Team, and we will discuss it internally.

    What sort of timeline are you working on?  What are your deadlines?

    Regards-
    -Doug Schepers
    W3C Team Contact, SVG and WebApps WGs


    Robin Smidsrød wrote (on 3/7/10 2:25 PM):
    > I'm doing my bachelor assignment at Vestfold University College in Norway.
    >
    > My assignment is about SVG and why developers and users of web browsers
    > still (in 2010) cannot expect SVG to be a standard that they can just
    > assume works everywhere.
    >
    > As a part of my assignment I'm trying to figure out a bit of historical
    > information about the members of the SVG WG from the start of the
    > project until today. The web page,
    > http://www.w3.org/2000/09/dbwg/details?group=19480&public=1&gs=1&, only
    > lists current members og the SVG WG, but I could really need that same
    > list, but all the way back to the start (maybe in one year intervals or
    > anything you have, really).
    >
    > I noticed that the archives of public-svg-ig and public-svg-wg are only
    > available/searchable for the last two years for the general public. Is
    > it possible to get access to the entire archive as an mbox file, so I
    > can do some data mining with regards to membership participation?
    >
    > The question I am really trying to find an answer to is which
    > institution/company actually did the most work on the standard and when
    > that happened. I'm also trying to figure out when certain companies
    > caught an interest in the standard and decided to join the SVG WG.
    >
    > Are the standardization documents tracked using some kind on revision
    > control system that makes it easy to see who did what (and when)? Is it
    > possible to get read-only access to this information if it exists?
    >
    > Hope to hear from you soon.
    >
    > Regards,
    > Robin Smidsrød
    >
